---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-01-18
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$15478384869864RTCsv:decred.org
---

Happy Friday, all! Per tradition, here is the update of Ditto's work for the past two weeks and what's to come.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- We received community feedback on v2 of the foundational messaging document and are currently working through final comments from you and investors. Those of you who have been following along will know there's been a lively debate over the tagline, which we've narrowed down to a handful of candidates. At this point, there seems to be an general preference for "Secure. Adaptable. Self-Funding." Here's the doc for reference: https://docs.google.com/document/d/19r9SjOWin4Fb9E2_90S7mdsG0BNxRBSYzsJjSYK2Jjw/edit?usp=sharing
- We secured media coverage for Decred in Forbes (feature article), Breaker Mag (@richardred's commentary on the Constantinople delay), and Coin Briefing (commentary).
- Team Ditto flew down to the North American Bitcoin Conference, where we media trained three Decred members, facilitated interviews between Decred and reporters (e.g. Cheddar TV, Altcoin Buzz, etc.), and spent quality time with the team.
- We staffed a second interview between Forbes and @jy-p, with coverage to go live in the next few weeks.
- We talked to crypto exchange OKCoin about a potential listing event/party in San Francisco in March, which Ditto would invite reporters to attend.
- We discussed events and speaking priorities for the coming months and are continuing to nail down a list.
- We worked with the community to source commentary on 51% attacks for future use with reporters when another attack inevitably happens, the goal being to get Decred's message in front of journalists even when it doesn't have any hard news to share.
- We worked with the community to source commentary on the Constantinople hard fork, and then the Constantinople delay - resulting in 2 pieces of coverage.

## What we're doing the next two weeks

- The primary focus through the end of January is messaging. We're incorporating the community's comments into a final draft.
- We're working with @jy-p and @Dustorf on securing exclusive media coverage around the DEX proposal listing.
- Decred's birthday is on February 8, so we plan to pitch journalists on a feature story about the milestones it has reached, the challenges it has faced, etc.
- We'll continue working through events priorities and an overall H1 2019 plan that includes "evergreen" media pitching topics beyond hard news announcements (e.g. governance, the contractor model, etc.).
- We'll continue gathering Decred's commentary on timely news and pitching it out to reporters, the goal being to keep Decred consistently top of mind.

## 1 thing we learned about the community this week

We learned that Stakey is a real mascot and even saw pictures of him in action at previous conferences. We also learned that Decred has a lot of interesting/stylish swag, and I'd pay good DCR to get my hands on one of those silver jackets...
