---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-06-07
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$15599321218545CVtka:decred.org
---

(mirrored on [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/by25ee/biweekly_update_on_dittos_activities/))

Happy Friday, everyone! Here's Ditto's bi-weekly update on what we've been doing the last two weeks and what's coming up in the next two.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- Facilitated an introductory interview on governance and staking between @jy-p and CoinDesk. This is a longer-term play that we aim to ultimately turn into feature coverage in the future.
- Facilitated an interview with Legacy Research analyst Greg Wilson and Marco, who gave an overview and update of Decred, geared towards an investor audience.
- Secured and staffed "Off the Chain" podcast with Anthony Pompliano, Founder of Morgan Creek Digital, and @jy-p. They discussed what makes Decred unique, and why investors should know about the project. Set to air on June 14.
- Secured and staffed "Chain Reaction" podcast with Tom Shaughnessy, Delphi Digital, and @jy-p. Once it goes live, this will put Decred in front of a mainstream investor audience.
- Submitted Ditto Communications Proposal: Phase 2 to Politeia, where it went up for a vote on Monday, June 3. https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/52ea110ea061c72d3b31ed2f5635720b212ce5e3eaddf868d60f53a3d18b8c04

## What we're doing in the next two weeks

- Voting on Ditto Communications Proposal: Phase 2 is scheduled to wrap up in about 2.5 days, so we'll have clarity on whether we'll continue to work together this coming Monday. Until then, it's business as usual: scheduling several podcast interviews, working to get the staking byline placed, facilitating online/print interviews, and finding the right home for the ticket messaging we created with the community.
- If the proposal passes, we'll begin executing on it immediately. This will entail putting together a plan of attack around educational materials and content, as well as how to better empower the community to advocate on Decred's behalf across social media and media channels. We'll work closely with the community on this.
