---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-04-12
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$155510211314467ZDXkc:decred.org
---

(mirrored on [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/bgqdqv/biweekly_update_on_dittos_activities_april_12_2019/))

Happy Friday, folks! Here's the bi-weekly update on Ditto's activities over the past two weeks and what's in the hopper for the next two.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- Wrote and placed a byline on the treasury proposal in InvestInBlockchain.com: https://www.investinblockchain.com/put-your-money-where-your-mouth-is-decreds-treasury-proposal-closer-true-dae/
- Scheduled @jy-p to record a podcast on Anthony Pompliano's Off the Chain podcast on April 30.
- Wrote a rough draft of messaging around how Decred ticketing works, which is still being workshopped and will be shared with the community for comments in the near future. Ditto identified the need for ticketing messaging after an interview @jy-p and @jz gave Laura Shin of the Unchained/Unconfirmed podcasts a couple weeks ago. Laura was particularly curious and confused by ticketing, and other reporters have asked similar questions.
- Staffed an interview between @jy-p and CNBC on Decred's contractor model - namely, the ability to make a living off of crypto.
- Moved the ball forward on organizing Decred's participation on a panel (along with Dash, Beam, and Orbs) at BreakerCon - an event Ditto is co-hosting with BREAKERMAG during NY Blockchain Week. You can read about the event here: https://breakermag.com/announcing-breakercon-2019-breakermag-but-live/
- Facilitated conversations between CoinDesk and @jy-p about governance and the DEX. Those efforts are ongoing, the goal being to eventually secure coverage in CoinDesk.

## What we're doing in the next two weeks

- As I'm sure you've seen, governance and particularly staking have been receiving a lot of media attention lately. Decred should own this conversation. We've been having conversations with various community remembers and, on the basis of the information we've gathered, intend to solidify Decred's position and identify the best tactics to establish it as the thought leader on both these topics.
- Positioning Decred to the media as a thought leader on the future of decision-making and Politeia as a system with potentially far-reaching impacts beyond the confines of cryptocurrency.
- Preparing @jy-p for his interview with Off the Chain.
- Facilitating an interview between Marco and Legacy Research.
