---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-03-15
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$155268921729939CVsQJ:decred.org
---

(mirrored [in #general](https://matrix.to/#/!MgQoetFiyjrHAywokv:decred.org/$155268940829940XRdUb:decred.org))

Hi everyone! It's time for an update of what Ditto has been working on over the past two weeks and what's in store for the next two weeks.

At a high level, the past two weeks have been some of the most successful in the history of the Decred-Ditto relationship. From an incredibly successful event at OKCoin offices in San Francisco, to a feature article in The Wall Street Journal, Ditto and Decred made some major waves in the space. We've lost count of how many other crypto companies and enthusiasts have reached out to us over the past few days just to congratulate Ditto/Decred on WSJ and compliment us on a fantastic event.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- Secured a feature article in The Wall Street Journal: https://www.wsj.com/articles/gerons-take-decred-aims-to-reach-cryptos-decentralized-ideals-11552523191 . There's an interesting backstory here. Ditto invited the reporter to the Decred-OKCoin event earlier this week. Originally he only wanted to talk to Chris Burniske, but we put @jy-p in the room with them so he could have his say. What started out as an interview about Placeholder turned into an interview about Decred - @jy-p's ideas about governance fascinated the reporter so much that he called us the following day to have yet another interview. It's extremely difficult to get feature coverage in the WSJ, and it's even harder to get feature coverage for crypto that's not bitcoin or ether. This is a huge accomplishment for Decred!
- Helped organize and put on the OKCoin-Decred event, which was a huge success - about 110 people attended, including a lot of VCs and crypto CEOs. We received a lot of compliments, and the fact that so many people stayed to network long after the event had ended speaks to its quality. Special shoutout to Chris Burniske, Alex Evans, and @jy-p for speaking at the event and drawing a great crowd.
- Got Arianna Simpson - one of the most influential women in crypto - to tweet about the event (no, we didn't pay her) and attract more attendees: https://twitter.com/AriannaSimpson/status/1104096075688763395
- Staffed an interview between @jz and The Block, which is working on a longer-form profile of Decred.
- Attended the first inaugural Decred meetup in San Francisco, which thanks to the organizers had an awesome turnout of 60+ people.
- Helped organize the logistics for a side event at Consensus, with Decred potentially participating in one of the panels.
- Drafted a byline on the Treasury for investinblockchain.com .

## What we're doing the next two weeks

- Having conversations with reporters about Decred's contractor model and the ability to make a living in the crypto gig economy.
- Facilitating another interview between @jz and The Block.
- Leveraging the momentum from the WSJ story to secure additional mainstream business interest in Decred.
- Continuing interviews with Crypto Briefing, which is compiling a research report on Decred.
