---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-01-07
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$154688457110052CiWYd:decred.org
---

Sorry to interrupt the conversation about Crypto Insider, but while we wait for community input there, I wanted to send over a brief update of Ditto's work that I promised I'd share every couple weeks.

You'll be able to check out the most recent updates from us in more detail in the Decred Journal. Meanwhile, since we're a week into 2019, there's no time like the present to talk about what January is going to look like.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- We created and submitted a rough draft of foundational messaging for the community to review. We received a large amount of valuable, constructive feedback - thanks to everyone who contributed.
- We've been working closely with @Dustorf on an H1 2019 comprehensive communications plan that spans media relations, events, and content.

## What we're doing the next two weeks

- The primary focus for January is messaging. We're incorporating the community's comments into a second draft of foundational messaging and aim to submit the next version for community feedback this week. Once that is complete, we'll have a platform from which to conduct all external communications.
- We're sending @milvian, Ditto's events expert, to the North American Bitcoin Conference (1/16-1/19). Since Jake is speaking there, not only do we want someone from Ditto to see his speech, but we also need somebody who can wrangle reporters and get them in front of Jake. Given the number of reporters who will be there, it'll be important to set up as many introductory interviews as possible to maximize both Jake's time and exposure. The timing is important - the conference is at the beginning of 2019, and establishing in-person relationships with journalists early in the year could set us up for PR success throughout the rest of the year.
- We're advising on a rough web architecture that will lay out what we consider to be the necessary sections of the new Decred website.
- We'll continue to field incoming press inquiries but will not conduct active outreach until we've agreed upon foundational messaging.

## 1 thing we learned about the community this week

The community welcomes and encourages questions, even if the person asking fears that their questions are "stupid". We've observed a spirit of collaboration and willingness to help that we haven't seen in other communities. It's refreshing!
