---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-02-15
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$155026927613161McEtC:decred.org
---

Happy Friday, guys. I'm sharing an update of Ditto's work for the past two weeks and what's happening in the next two weeks.

At a high level, these past two weeks involved two major wins on the PR front: an in-depth feature article in BREAKERMAG, and a Decred-led article in The Block. Both articles were written by reputable crypto journalists, and both focused on different aspects of Decred - but both communicated Decred's values in a way that furthers its long-term vision of being viewed as adaptable, inclusive, transparent, and self-directed.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- We secured a feature article on Politeia for the DEX proposal in Forbes (headline "No More Trading or Listing Fees? Decred Releases New DEX Proposal"): https://www.forbes.com/sites/leslieankney/2019/02/04/no-more-trading-or-listing-fees-decred-releases-new-dex-proposal/
- We secured a feature article on Decred in honor of Decred's 3rd anniversary in BREAKERMAG (headline "As Decred Turns Three, It's Still Set on Real Decentralization", featuring quotes by @jy-p and an excellent endorsement by Murad: https://breakermag.com/as-decred-turns-three-its-still-set-on-real-decentralization/ . There were a couple of factual inaccuracies in the article, but we proactively brought them to the reporter, David Morris, who promptly corrected them and issued a tweet to that effect.
- We secured an article on the Vertbase listing in The Block Crypto (headline "'They Asked Us for $3 Million': An Inside Look into Getting Listed on a Crypto Exchange"). The article was driven by Decred's Vertbase listing and features quotes by @jz. The journalist, Frank Chaparro, tells me the story was very popular on Twitter and also internally at The Block: https://www.theblockcrypto.com/2019/02/13/they-asked-us-for-3-million-an-inside-look-into-getting-listed-on-a-crypto-exchange/
- We worked with the community to create a repository of media-friendly images that we can share with reporters to add visuals to stories about Decred.
- We media trained 5 Decred community members.
- We crowdsourced some Decred commentary on JPM Coin and pitched it to reporters.

## What we're doing the next two weeks

- We're focusing on creating a master six-month marketing and communications plan spanning PR, events, content, etc.
- We're facilitating interviews with two crypto-focused media outlets. We'll share more information once those interviews are behind us.
- We're putting together a long-term strategy aimed at building Decred's legitimacy and credibility among institutional investors. That entails thinking beyond media relations to span other disciplines as well: owned content, Twitter, influencers, events, etc.

## 1 thing we learned about the community this week

We learned that the phrase "bug fix" can evoke some strong emotions.
