---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-07-19
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$156357361425049sJKTH:decred.org
---

(mirrored on [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/cfdxov/ditto_biweekly_update_july_19_2019/))

Sorry (not sorry) to post a wall of text in the middle of your discussion here, but it's that time... the Ditto bi-weekly update.

TL;DR: We've been focused on social media planning while getting input from community members on an educational resources repository. Lots of heavy lifting behind the scenes while we gear up to get Decred out in public in a big way beyond just media relations.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- Worked with various community members on strategies and tactics for engaging in a productive/educational way on Twitter.
- Built out a wider list of Decred spokespeople, along with a new wish list of media targets from CNBC and NPR to Fortune and Reuters.
- Strategized with the community on how to best build visibility for the Decred tagline.
- Secured interest from CCN for an op-ed about the Libra hearings. Drafted an opinion piece from @jy-p, which will be published next week.
- Secured an interview for @jy-p with a mainstream tech outlet to discuss the Libra hearings and its implications for the crypto space.
- Facilitated the Base Layer podcast with @akinsawyerr, who spoke about what makes Decred a superior SoV, how its inclusive and decentralized governance works, and what to expect in 2020. We'll share once it goes live.
- Staffed an interview between @elian and Criptonoticias to talk Decred in Latin America.
- Staffed an interview between @jy-p and Alessandra Sollberger, who is writing a book called Blockchain Mavericks.
- Facilitated an interview between Marco and Legacy Research - a financial advisory newsletter that goes to wealthy individuals and investors - which resulted in an article (it's members only)

## What we're doing in the next two weeks

- Continuing to work with various community members on social media engagement, focusing on Twitter. This includes flagging relevant news and tweets, and working with the community to drum up engagement.
- Pitching TV opportunities for @akinsawyerr and Chris Burniske to represent Decred.
- Building a new list of crypto news sites covering governance and staking topics.
- Finalizing an educational resources repository for the Decred website that makes it easier for journalists and anyone new to Decred to find out about us in one place.
