---
author: pavel
published_utc: 2021-03-13
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!qYpAAClAYrHaUIGkLs:decred.org/$I0yUrThMr9HR7jO1CnEAS7AhkutgAkTSdRoddkFXSQc
updated_utc: 2021-04-11
---

Hi all,

bee asked me if I could write more information about the DCR community distribution - some stats and amounts.

In total, there was 11.6 DCR distributed to community in 5 rounds. The amount was usually $30 or $40 USD in USD terms in date (month) of distribution.

I distributed via [@withDecred](https://twitter.com/withDecred) Twitter account, which saw on average 6.98% growth while doing these activities. On average, the posts had around 6,150 impressions with a 8.78% engagement rate.

From subjective perspective, I saw that people were more engaged on Twitter, even new faces (even without being rewarded). Overall the withDecred Twitter account saw about 100K+ impressions per 28 days (period shown by Twitter analytics) over the months of performed activity.

The website [withDecred.org](https://withdecred.org/) didn't see much traffic (few thousands), hence we boiled down the content to a giant tweet-storm pinned on withDecred Twitter profile. Besides that $234 USD was invoiced for few hours of work + server expenses (right now, the servers are still running but I'm not charging anything anymore).

Feel free to [ping me](https://chat.decred.org/#/room/#proposals:decred.org) with any questions.

---

> good approach, "if you don't come to our site we will come to your favorite platform and post the same thing, even if it requires making screenshots of text on Twitter"  
> I have no idea how user traffic and those conversion work, but I heard it is pretty hard to get people click the links and leave the app/platform (bee)

I even tried to sponsor a post (tweet) to get clicks to website (funded by my money), but I didn't see many clicks. I was quite surprised by the low amount, Twitter seems extremely specific in how people \[don't\] go away from the platform. Just quickly consume and like/retweet if they like the content. Saying that, tweet-storms are the best Twitter content, memes are 2nd best performing \[crypto-specific\] Twitter content.
