drafts/translations-2021.md, before:

# What

This proposal is a summary of the first [Decred Content and Asset Translation Proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a) that was submitted in late 2020 and expired at the end of April 2021 and a formal submission to continue the translation initiative for Decred-related content and assets. If you are unfamiliar with the problems the abovementioned proposal aimed to propose solutions for, please read the original proposal, because as a continuation of this initiative the core goals remain the same.

## Summary of phase 1 and lessons learnt

Perhaps the most burning question while auditing and summarising a proposal requesting funds from a shared Treasury is *"did we stay under/within the budget we set for ourselves?"* and the answer is a resounding **yes**.

We are delighted to report that out of the **$33,000** budget we had requested, the original proposal made use of **~$14,690**, which means that **over half** the budget stays in the Treasury, ready to fuel further Decred proposals. We hope that the prudent deployment of the proposal funds coupled with the price appreciation DCR has seen in the recent months, which further contributed to limiting the drain on the Treasury, will only confirm that the proposal has provided good value for money in light of its cost-to-output ratio.

Here's a more detailed breakdown of our spending:

| Area                | Spent  | Allocated  | Remaining   |
| :------------------ | -----: | ---------: | ----------: |
| Decred Journal      | $7,320 |    $11,340 |  **$4,020** |
| website translation |     $0 |     $1,680 |  **$1,680** |
| articles/content    | $1,445 |     $4,410 |  **$2,965** |
| video content       | $1,940 |    $10,080 |  **$8,140** |
| software            | $3,945 |     $1,260 | **-$2,685** |
| management          |    $40 |       $360 |    **$320** |

As you can see, we have maintained a healthy buffer in most areas of the scope of the original proposal with the exception of **software localisation**. This is mostly due to the fact that within the duration of the original proposal we saw a major release of our Decrediton wallet, which turned out to have required significantly more work than mobile wallets, which where we got our benchmark budget allocation from.

Because our *project chronicler*, **bee**, whom I can't thank enough for getting involved in this proposal, has been keeping and maintaining a meticulous record of translated items in his [**translation index**](https://github.com/decredcommunity/translations/blob/master/index.md), I will not re-paste it here, but encourage you to have a look at how much has been accomplished output-wise within the duration of the original translation proposal.

The original proposal was not without its share of challenges and lessons learnt, however. One of the main challenges was **proposal scope management**. Despite awarding contractors a good amount of discretion and freedom to work on individual pieces as they saw fit, the proposal required a non-insignificant amount of coordination and work with the contractors to prevent and correct instances of scope creep. Where there is a linear relationship between the amount of work one finds for themselves and the payout for said work, there is also an incentive to include content that only very loosely (or sometimes not at all) fits the scope of the proposal, and it goes without saying that in order to prevent unnecessary drain on the Treasury said behaviour needs to be monitored and prevented. Having blazed the trail with the original proposal I am convinced that future iterations will be even more efficient in this regard. The dissonance between this being an item in the "challenges" column and relatively little money being charged for it from the "management" budget allocation is due to the fact that I have mostly performed this task **voluntarily**, partly out of the feeling of duty towards the community and as a means of making up for my lacklustre performance as a translator these past few months.

Another challenge that will be further corrected for is **communication**. There was at least one instance of **work duplication** due to poor communication, which resulted in essentially billing twice for the same job. It is my hope that further developments of the Contractor Management System and potentially setting tighter invoice submission deadlines will make tracking translation efforts easier and prevent unnecessary duplication.

## Why

As stated before, the goals and rationale for this proposal mostly stay the same, that is to say the general focus is to provide better access to Decred content for non-English speakers, or at least a better entry point for those who are not comfortable with English outside the scope of most basic conversational utility, thus potentially increasing the reach of the project's message and further building out its recognition (please see the corresponding section of the [first proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a)). However, this time around, after having worked on a major wallet release of Decrediton and witnessing the successful launch of the Decred DEX, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the significance and importance of localisation and translation of novel and original software solutions that Decred develops. It is primarily for this reason that I propose this initiative be continued, because even if work in other areas outlined in the scope of the original proposal were to cease, the value of making it easier to onboard new users to use the Decred software stands on its own merits.

## How

The proposal asks for a discretionary budget for translation in a few recognised areas, such as:

- the [Decred Journal](https://xaur.github.io/decred-news/) (continuous)
- website translation (as required)
- software localisation (Decrediton, mobile wallets, etc., at the contributor's discretion)
- video assets translation (at the contributor's discretion)
- articles/content translation (at the contributor's discretion)

Based on the performance of the first proposal (outlined above) the budget allocation would remain the same, as I believe it serves as a good basis for what we can expect based on past results. The overall budget size allows for much needed flexibility regarding fund reallocation should such a need arise, without going over the total budget. Additionally, included in the budget are the funds to potentially expand the initiative to other languages should it be decided to pursue developments in this area.

## Who

- @kozel (Polish, management & communications)
- @arij (Arabic)
- @francov\_, @pablito, @nachito (Spanish)
- @Dominic (Chinese)
- @mm (Portuguese)
- @bee (management & tracking)

It is entirely possibile that the personnel involved in the phase 2 proposal will be further expanded at the discretion and responsibility of the proposal owner.

## When

The proposal would cover translation efforts for the rest of 2021, which is 7 months, June to December (to be submitted for renewal in January 2022), as well as covering for the work performed in May 2021. The reason for such an odd-looking proposal duration is to fully cover the potential translation needs for the rest of the year, and hopefully pave the way for phase 3 proposal that would span the entire year 2022 (January 2022 - December 2022) and transform this initiative into an annual one from that point onwards for ease of management and a neat, round coverage period.

## Budget

We propose that the proposal be allocated the same budget as the initial one, which is **USD 33,000 for the rest of the duration of 2021**. Past performance is a good sign that this budget will be sufficient to satisfy the translation efforts without exceeding it. Once again, it needs to be stressed that this is a **projected maximum budget** with the actual spending hopefully being much less, as indicated by past performance, and that **all funds not spent by the proposal will remain in the project Treasury**.

Once again, I thank you very much for your time and attention and look forward to a fruitful discussion. As always, all constructive feedback is very welcome and appreciated.

Commit message:

import submitted rev 1 from Politeia
https://proposals.decred.org/record/af9942a

drafts/translations-2021.md, after:

## What

This proposal is a summary of the first [Decred Content and Asset Translation Proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a) that was submitted in late 2020 and expired at the end of April 2021 and a formal submission to continue the translation initiative for Decred-related content and assets. If you are unfamiliar with the problems the abovementioned proposal aimed to propose solutions for, please read the original proposal, because as a continuation of this initiative the core goals remain the same.

### Summary of phase 1 and lessons learnt

Perhaps the most burning question while auditing and summarising a proposal requesting funds from a shared Treasury is *"did we stay under/within the budget we set for ourselves?"* and the answer is a resounding **yes**.

We are delighted to report that out of the **$33,000** budget we had requested, the original proposal made use of **~$14,690**, which means that **over half** the budget stays in the Treasury, ready to fuel further Decred proposals. We hope that the prudent deployment of the proposal funds coupled with the price appreciation DCR has seen in the recent months, which further contributed to limiting the drain on the Treasury, will only confirm that the proposal has provided good value for money in light of its cost-to-output ratio.

Here's a more detailed breakdown of our spending:

| Area                | Spent  | Allocated  | Remaining   |
| :------------------ | -----: | ---------: | ----------: |
| Decred Journal      | $7,320 |    $11,340 |  **$4,020** |
| website translation |     $0 |     $1,680 |  **$1,680** |
| articles/content    | $1,445 |     $4,410 |  **$2,965** |
| video content       | $1,940 |    $10,080 |  **$8,140** |
| software            | $3,945 |     $1,260 | **-$2,685** |
| management          |    $40 |       $360 |    **$320** |

As you can see, we have maintained a healthy buffer in most areas of the scope of the original proposal with the exception of **software localisation**. This is mostly due to the fact that within the duration of the original proposal we saw a major release of our Decrediton wallet, which turned out to have required significantly more work than mobile wallets, which is where we got our benchmark budget allocation from. Also, please keep in mind that if the numbers don't add up to the total requested budget for the past proposal, it is because additional funds were requested to cover efforts from Sep 2020 and Oct 2020, as well as for the potential expansion into other requested languages, and a bit extra to provide a financial cushion against potential overbilling/overspending.

Because our *project chronicler*, **bee**, whom I can't thank enough for getting involved in this proposal, has been keeping and maintaining a meticulous record of translated items in his [**translation index**](https://github.com/decredcommunity/translations/blob/master/index.md), I will not re-paste it here, but encourage you to have a look at how much has been accomplished output-wise within the duration of the original translation proposal. Though the index is not ideal at tracking either software or video translations of which we have had a few during the course of the first translation proposal, it does give the reader a very good idea of how much work has been done. Please keep in mind, however, that it is a **general** translation index, whose scope is much greater than only listing the output for this proposal. For this reason, please be mindful of the dates when each translation piece was submitted, as only the ones between Sep 2020 - Apr 2021 fall under the purview and funding of the Decred Content and Asset Translation Proposal.

The original proposal was not without its share of challenges and lessons learnt, however. One of the main challenges was **proposal scope management**. Despite awarding contractors a good amount of discretion and freedom to work on individual pieces as they saw fit, the proposal required a non-insignificant amount of coordination and work with the contractors to prevent and correct instances of scope creep. Where there is a linear relationship between the amount of work one finds for themselves and the payout for said work, there is also an incentive to include content that only very loosely (or sometimes not at all) fits the scope of the proposal, and it goes without saying that in order to prevent unnecessary drain on the Treasury said behaviour needs to be monitored and prevented. Having blazed the trail with the original proposal I am convinced that future iterations will be even more efficient in this regard. The dissonance between this being an item in the "challenges" column and relatively little money being charged for it from the "management" budget allocation is due to the fact that I have mostly performed this task **voluntarily**, partly out of the feeling of duty towards the community and as a means of making up for my lacklustre performance as a translator these past few months.

Another challenge that will be further corrected for is **communication**. There was at least one instance of **work duplication** due to poor communication, the unfortunate result of which was essentially a double billing for the same job, which ended up costing around $700. It is my hope that further developments of the Contractor Management System and potentially setting tighter invoice submission deadlines will make tracking translation efforts easier and prevent unnecessary duplication.

## Why

As stated before, the goals and rationale for this proposal mostly stay the same, that is to say the general focus is to provide better access to Decred content for non-English speakers, or at least a better entry point for those who are not comfortable with English outside the scope of most basic conversational utility, thus potentially increasing the reach of the project's message and further building out its recognition (please see the corresponding section of the [first proposal](https://proposals.decred.org/proposals/c093b8a)). However, this time around, after having worked on a major wallet release of Decrediton and witnessing the successful launch of the Decred DEX, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the significance and importance of localisation and translation of novel and original software solutions that Decred develops. It is primarily for this reason that I propose this initiative be continued, because even if work in other areas outlined in the scope of the original proposal were to cease, the value of making it easier to onboard new users to use the Decred software stands on its own merits.

## How

The proposal asks for a discretionary budget for translation in a few recognised areas, such as:

- the [Decred Journal](https://xaur.github.io/decred-news/) (continuous)
- website translation (as required)
- software localisation (Decrediton, mobile wallets, etc., at the contributor's discretion)
- video assets translation (at the contributor's discretion)
- articles/content translation (at the contributor's discretion)

Based on the performance of the first proposal (outlined above) the budget allocation would remain the same, as I believe it serves as a good basis for what we can expect based on past results. The overall budget size allows for much needed flexibility regarding fund reallocation should such a need arise, without going over the total budget. Additionally, included in the budget are the funds to potentially expand the initiative to other languages should it be decided to pursue developments in this area.

## Who

- @kozel (Polish, management & communications)
- @arij (Arabic)
- @francov\_, @pablito, @nachito (Spanish)
- @Dominic (Chinese)
- @mm (Portuguese)
- @bee (management & tracking)

It is entirely possibile that the personnel involved in the phase 2 proposal will be further expanded at the discretion and responsibility of the proposal owner.

## When

The proposal would cover translation efforts for the rest of 2021, which is 7 months, June to December (to be submitted for renewal in January 2022), as well as covering for the work performed in May 2021. The reason for such an odd-looking proposal duration is to fully cover the potential translation needs for the rest of the year, and hopefully pave the way for phase 3 proposal that would span the entire year 2022 (January 2022 - December 2022) and transform this initiative into an annual one from that point onwards for ease of management and a neat, round coverage period.

## Budget

We propose that the proposal be allocated the same budget as the initial one, which is **USD 33,000 for the rest of the duration of 2021**. Past performance is a good sign that this budget will be sufficient to satisfy the translation efforts without exceeding it. Once again, it needs to be stressed that this is a **projected maximum budget** with the actual spending hopefully being much less, as indicated by past performance, and that **all funds not spent by the proposal will remain in the project Treasury**.

Once again, I thank you very much for your time and attention and look forward to a fruitful discussion. As always, all constructive feedback is very welcome and appreciated.
Special thanks to **bee** for immensely useful feedback and prettifying the draft.
