---
author: chappjc
published_utc: 2021-05-10
published_url: https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/n9i8z2/dcrdex_updates_v02_release_decrediton_integration/
---

# DCRDEX updates - v0.2 release, Decrediton integration, and next steps

This is a brief status update on DEX Phase 2 development, with a focus on: what the latest v0.2 release brings, what Decrediton integration means for now, and our release plans as we shoot for v1.0.

The [DEX Phase 2 proposal](https://proposals-archive.decred.org/proposals/d462ac3) was approved by stakeholders on Jan 26, and in the first few months we have made significant progress. As of writing, v0.2.0 has been tagged after several weeks in beta and release candidate status. The release notes are in the source repository [here](https://github.com/decred/dcrdex/blob/master/docs/release-notes/release-notes-0.2.0.md). While binaries are not yet available and the reference server is not yet updated, there will be announcements when these things happen. There are many new features and improvements, including changes to support the upcoming Decrediton integration, and first steps toward SPV (light wallet) and mesh (full decentralization).

But what does Decrediton integration mean? To start, this means Decrediton will streamline setup by eliminating the requirement for command-line (dcrwallet and dexc) apps. **This does not yet allow SPV mode for either Decred or Bitcoin.** Users are also still required to setup Bitcoin Core software on their own.

Although SPV support is not done yet, we have made significant strides toward SPV for both Decred and Bitcoin. We are aiming for one or more DEX releases in the next couple of months that will bring the following long-awaited features:

- Bitcoin SPV wallet support. This will eliminate the need to even run Bitcoin Core software let alone a "full node" that uses hundreds of GB of disk space and takes hours or days to synchronize. The [btcwallet](https://github.com/btcsuite/btcwallet) (btcsuite) packages have native SPV / neutrino protocol support, and they are being built into the DEX client presently. This means no external Bitcoin wallet, and very fast BTC wallet synchronization.

- Decred SPV wallet support. An external Decred wallet, either Decrediton or dcrwallet, running in SPV mode will be supported. We are making changes to the dcrwallet software that are required to support all DEX operations. Unlike our plans for Bitcoin, a Decred wallet will not be built into DEX, at least not initially.

Recall that [Bitcoin Core v0.21](https://bitcoincore.org/en/2021/01/14/release-0.21.0/), released on Jan 14, was the first version of the dominant Bitcoin full-node implementation to signal support for the compact block filters SPV protocols (BIPs [157](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0157.mediawiki) and [158](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0158.mediawiki)). This was obviously too late for Phase 1, but just in time for Phase 2. The Bitcoin network now has fairly wide support for the protocol (the `COMPACT_FILTERS` p2p service), and the [first 0.21 patch release](https://bitcoincore.org/en/2021/05/01/release-0.21.1/) just became available on May 2.

Finally, ETH development is well under way, with @JoeGruff leading that effort. We expect a DEX release for Decred and Bitcoin SPV support first, followed by an ETH release toward the end of Phase 2.

While we are focusing on our Phase 2 deliverables as outlined above, we have a number of other exciting changes in the works that I believe will make DEX even more accessible and fair. To name a few: deployment of additional trading pairs with lower on-chain fees, smaller lot sizes on certain markets, allowing registration fees to be paid in assets other than DCR, and even supplanting the current registration fee paradigm with a fairer and less costly mechanism.
