---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2018-12-14
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$154482468943386bBAIp:decred.org
---

Hey Decred community, sorry to interrupt this conversation, buuuut....

For the sake of transparency and to continue our engagement with the community, every couple weeks Ditto (your PR firm) will send a brief update outlining what we've been working on and what our future work will be. Without further ado, here's the inaugural Ditto Bi-Weekly Update!

## What we've been up to the past 2 weeks

- Last Thursday, we had an informative 2.5-hour onboarding session with Dustin and Jake in our Brooklyn office.
- We've been reading and absorbing everything we can get our hands on: Decred Journal, Decred's website, the document portal, Matrix conversations, Medium posts, Twitter conversations, etc.
- We've been hard at work on a fundamental messaging platform containing a breakdown of Decred's audiences, an about section, a mission statement, a vision statement, and positioning statements for each unique audience.
- We attended and sent reporters from Breaker Mag, Forbes, and Fortune to Decred's meet up in NYC.
- We've scheduled an interview between Forbes and Jake for this coming Monday.
- We've gathered Jake's commentary on 2019 crypto predictions and shared it with a handful of reporters, resulting in coverage in Crypto Briefing.

## What we're doing next

- Submitting a skeleton of fundamental messaging for community feedback - coming soon!
- Putting together a Q1 2019 media strategy.
- Continuing to field incoming media inquiries and directing reporters to the appropriate Decred spokespeople.

## 1 thing we learned about the community this week

Some of your best work happens around 3 AM.
