---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-03-01
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$155148228913859WVbGa:decred.org
---

(mirrored [in #general](https://matrix.to/#/!MgQoetFiyjrHAywokv:decred.org/$155148239113862OPjOD:decred.org))

Happy Friday, folks. Here I am to share an update of Ditto's work for the past two weeks, and what we're cooking up for the next two weeks.

From a bird's-eye-view, these past two weeks we've been focused on planning media and events aimed at building Decred's visibility and reputation among its target audiences. Getting Decred coverage in the most reputable top tier mainstream outlets requires a more deliberate and thoughtful approach to media relations than product announcements: thinking deeply about which target audiences we want to reach, hand selecting the right reporters, initiating introductory conversations, giving reporters access to the right people, and sustaining conversations over time.

Our biggest priority over the past two weeks has been planning the logistics and content of an event Decred and OKCoin are hosting in San Francisco on March 12. If you're in SF, you should come - it'll be awesome! https://www.eventbrite.com/e/decred-okcoin-present-the-next-10-years-crypto-boom-bust-or-buidl-tickets-57549671617

On the media relations front, we secured an excellent quality video interview for @jy-p in BlockTV. We also facilitated interviews with a handful of other crypto-focused outlets.

## What we've been up to the past two weeks

- Secured a 15-minute feature-length interview between @jy-p and BlockTV on Decred: https://blocktv.com/watch/2019-02-20/5c6d6a2be03e3-chain-breakers-promoting-constant-disruption-
- Facilitated an in-depth interview between CoinDesk and @jz.
- Facilitated the first in a series of interviews for a deep dive on Decred in Crypto Briefing.
- Worked closely with @Dustorf and OKCoin to draft the Eventbrite copy for the Decred-OKCoin event, coordinate with OKCoin, develop the agenda for the event, and draft a press release.
- Put together a plan to position Decred as a superior store of value among a variety of channels, including initiating long-term conversations with select top tier mainstream reporters.

## What we're doing the next two weeks

- Helping facilitate and potentially driving reporters to the Decred-OKCoin event on March 12.
- Attending the inaugural Decred SF meetup on March 6 (looking forward to meeting some of you in person!).
- Continuing to facilitate interviews between Decred members and Crypto Briefing.
- Continuing selective, targeted outreach to top tier mainstream reporters who would be interested in Decred as a superior store of value. This includes leveraging both Decred members and influential figures (e.g. Chris Burniske and Murad), who can speak from a position of authority on Decred.
- Working with the relevant Decred members to promote the upcoming Treasury proposal.
- Monitoring the media for relevant breaking news that would present opportunities to insert Decred into the conversation.

## 1 thing we learned about the community this week

There are more of you in San Francisco than we thought! We look forward to meeting you at the meetup next week.
