---
author: liz_bagot
published_utc: 2019-08-02
published_url: https://matrix.to/#/!OfChXgczrIlpEZSFAv:decred.org/$15647654075231htEld:decred.org
---

(mirrored on [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/decred/comments/cl7v22/dittos_biweekly_update_august_2_2019/))

It's everyone's favorite time - Ditto's bi-weekly update for the community!

It's been a little over a month since the community voted to keep working with Ditto. Per our proposal, these first 30 days we've been in intensive planning, strategy, and building mode aimed at ramping up/executing several big projects: the educational resources repository, community empowerment/education, refreshed messaging, and a media relations plan targeting a broader swathe of reporters. It's been a busy, productive, and highly engaging 2 weeks.

## What we've been up to the past 2 weeks

- Secured a 10-minute segment on BlockTV with @jy-p: https://blocktv.com/watch/2019-07-30/5d404e65ea3f5-decred-s-jake-yocom-piatt-talks-decentralized-governance
- Secured publication of @jy-p's byline on Libra in CCN https://www.ccn.com/libra-friend-or-foe/
- Worked with the community to amplify/engage with the #DEX tweet storm announcing Decred's DEX specs. ICYMI: https://twitter.com/decredproject/status/1156652694502817793
- Worked with community members who are active on social media to identify Crypto Twitter influencers the community can engage with on governance, staking, and other key issues. The goal is to establish a rapport with important figures with a large following and engage on the topics of interest to Decred - thereby spreading and amplifying our message farther/wider than we otherwise would. We're already seeing results on Twitter - the conversations are becoming more productive, targeted, and regular.
- Escalated our work with various community members on engaging in a productive/educational way on Twitter.
- Began a messaging refresh, adding FAQs to counter misunderstandings. We'll share with you for feedback very soon.
- Put the finishing touches on the schema for an educational resources repository for the Decred website that makes it easier for journalists and newbies to find out about us in one place. This is a massive project we're very excited to work with the community on.
- Put together a long-term media relations plan that targets all of Decred's audiences (investors, developers, crypto enthusiasts), as well as media who haven't covered Decred in the past.
- Did another media training with @jy-p to prepare for broadcast interviews.

## What we're doing in the next 2 weeks

- Continuing to work with community members on social media engagement, focusing on Twitter. This includes flagging relevant news and tweets, and working with the community to drum up engagement.
- Building a new list of crypto news sites covering governance and staking topics.
- Working with the community to aggregate all the best educational resources on Decred across the Internet and fitting them into the educational resources repository.
- Continuing to refresh messaging to include new talking points and a fleshed-out FAQ.
- Executing on the new media relations plan, which entails building out Decred's bench of spokespeople to include more community members, such as @elian, @zubair, and @akinsawyerr.
- Working with the organizers of The Futurist conference in Toronto to arrange media interviews with @zubair, who is speaking at the conference.
- Organizing several podcast interviews with various community members (we'll share more info once the interviews happen).
